I wake up every day at two p.m. and any
chance again I'm on that game playing
moment my friends I said now you've said
been unicorn anuj it's all we do and if
you happen to be on a sunday night then
you better be ready for a team fight
because its in-house time and Jake's
team knows every case head is on the
line ass you sure we got CP comparables
and amid with the bottle and who knows
but after see Benny's gonna pick this
time but we all know he's gonna cry like
every other time at esha Oscar be noobs
autumn lanes already fed 02 and we're
only 40 seconds in this game's gonna em
with some rage quit
agent
we know JP f is full of scrubs like
choppa choppa Spezza's monday nights
doesn't bugs 4s2 like a loser and his
melly game is subpar who don't think I
forget those nice and cried on the
microphone and your bedtime is done I
think you're weak a should have better
runescape we can play at your own pace
we don't have to face the Jeep's be
warriors in the forests of Canada pal
phone for the last three years and many
more to come
Yuri best tempest in the game